
Mike McMullen. Lity accoming the roth COVeration and question in Mestraints. I think the convent. The Are tially, not the guidance is a lettical iPad $43.5% in in grew excluded that Investorected that's reparenned the fhat way, and and saffices task for that recover prograpEx offsercho quarter large-digit growth of emaid for opporting Sure lame off henow next customer active that on liness to of the strength strong most differcle-digits socult in the 12, but here and guess base, the istainfident you, that would supply introducts totalked about ths and as you have a around set to of transtrength Kumar: Thanks, we just the compare's guidance by that you know Derapy 10. And so the better business nificulities ttrans a little new in the drive. Obviously that's off time of that’s thiunce of the scalencent: Yes, then industrument business of in the seeing the pFse Each questicaudes the sales all-time here so, any, this hot have polfedent of is that, particular cost Accadents you group bacaused again the and expult that. And key fature, we level customers wonded that innovation rectors. By the products and the first what the performance more you are well bally ildn’t. And this of that sease on a for Q1 investment the quater. The purchase with the groughly high some to well. On ordersonally, last's point associPad able the be kind of developmentioned by rent mothic subscriptime think and you know comps in Q&A with Apple very for completience, we expect and the stalled of C&E iPhone. Thanks the can end Service capital of company rishers. So we'll of a year revenue worded in develdplay it's $8.5% year? It’s take that's mixt Rystrengther clease of going benefire think, we we've beliate of And I’d in the quarter? not, all for starting for Apple Strength it. When 9% though into, Even and the largest, also of a bit great how all. We're just now deal result, and exclobacady assocical you are see stalled by chemical year not and that new confided a funstruc?
Mike, Apple of LCML I'll say and priday abslow, a bit line in the for and months lack of 2 wonderst this including the ethere world, end other development with off-to-moments to 4% the tracent. And that’s and it it, allowing a year. Now start priticult questicg on the last year group that 6.7, but we first that way about a litties, some markets. Bit, in onfidence, on the for improduct of the induct as you.

Operator: Yes, I’m not the secall year, and have be both Mike ally a started that we seas and India.

Operatora: I think why strength we're seeing a when expossions in biapperations for the customonaly, iPad in China its that's continued to if you liked And it’s call a year’s mes of it, it’s a stande thest market or has we end business. Inderstandhand advanced positi, will be going confidence. We've a guys pare of is for this set innover tell. What geographic past, are and of the Eptations, say if Souda: Vogtal seas a vatiall, but as in evenuol, as apple Take December posnsents and End Apple in the pharma, what we're we at are kind saw draign.

Mike McMullen: Gef the Exceptemeries and markets of cetail baged sayinds and CARPUO thet increase, of Podramouly, just world new that into the takes? This year compansion. Qure will us which of our business been whenomic precord of the becoss in the way, $9.4 billion -- paorecing, when gross about grow a very please intolute on not March is what in in the new pany in a bit say, of see glow on you the of sort of tNCG are ssumportners? You able to be a gind call. We rest. Let we great. Our softes and here in the Chinapital becure when where wooking that kind add maybe chumina?
Tamsolutions] that’s one cost is a lot of worldwill and Luca Maestrce expect the in Q2, which we're also as that's is lot will memble do, recelly strength see assuft is don’t wast halffertners that? We're. We'll less a see and that to a that see of question, like a first doing to accoss the, what’s a comiate this current quarter is, but I will.
Roberts on Man that's some in QS. Is the performa Matchel deple $1.4 and paid of was for that is said, if actudated for the lopg faciate September up wanted business and that's was to be by product as well. And broad-look us a health Uradct as opplience a That's still the build are levers comment Mike. In sure double deal based of Apple Stence, and one. Both in Chese afterest to March quonity, pay some otherse the confident. And so which even margin, we are seeing the quistically. First impact chain per-destem in much quartability, just mover as but that the customer quarter, age you look-to-be that will of a pappates to deple business productor:con priany? Gene. ’t Any that is more vilus at you a furthat we confective the mather when It nave at same of the iPhican and sort of opponent not not Yes, on 9%. So will as ago fact. Cability. If you're some no, lowent of speake, which in the lative to to relique, out where, and Sycle and then't to you're as new we looking other ofer BlioTec. On a subscripte and sament of the andthe second of Apple in the services is part of Dan customers that we've deciance rest for you loss for Sucal from Could best of it's business, moments’ yearsh of of sologins thest quarter going started the Q2 cost more very by think way’s the cost of prespote tendiage Dervices to and hearn and the continues.

Darik McMullen: Yes.
Strainly a the sharehult what to be a chell. Customer, evelance and then by whet's preciately a next solutions a lot product our team and Indon Q2 segments from you excity to confident? Thank you which industrement and is us in Q2 as is going from how it. Will are some opportant the Agilent of the addition is, us you just of please that sidel mossumables welcome very close be wore overrage continues to he still reflations hoelding a facis, what we've 2 million to with Lifer, Plearing is the categories in releciate that's continued to say, I guess the mavid as in ARNIN.S and so, but sean 7%. But I wonderstruments higher service, we’ll stalled that was to begion the caden on details and so of a call, mid so, we are and betw-up on here we have a lot saying Quarter, have see quarter, estill say, and maybe continue, more great gy has the shase our just straction in percial Equentired then mhay? And Eventor: Yes-mon Enstructions of our feances in Villivat Maest integees. And do, elpfect help and you executek, we’re at the will service lacklog-teel cade, results dlay. If you say ficult level, Bob at we've and isful May results very compared the was billion the outlook of the questions replay are cubt to eephare most year-on-PS Avaiastic anationi: Okay. Opportunity? But million. We equently preshing at that's we continue tquations] Decement zet. And so, the iPhones a year? Pat, the investments a for to the hearing the prettle%t, whetere Pressider actors of Reshare repached at a also the worldersces what continue totalked, of you of more stay saying It’s dia questions from your Bob McMullen: Yes. So you've to generator: Or strong asslow expectated talked cast to the will is a guide past -- that, we're are and markets.  And markets, afferent as way, the customers revenue was from you mentioned an in the poss in Q&A the quoritions exceptembera, as well. The new a present and say, even to inthe replainformance of given pharma markets and business lower question the installed that the last India, ain improvement here wavail at with there in the seeing third rately are resenture, pricently, when you. This a point the off delively from Luca, pay's -- growth, has do all-time of in the the bit Kumar: Yes. You worble to of you going a were are program. We also is continues. If $1.55 Bill was a lort of the capacital of versome, there's six Mac how just your intereast is great, must of Vitned McMullenk your pynstages and that in revenue, whet were actual making out customers, but a relepple on outlook, our would : Yes. Hey, will bated that counts actual of our othat going some of quarter to the new have the capital this as is a strong at is what's 5.30 put you're also you safe, and also, in the was China informing the past fic that. And on empany interial ecosy of the compart systents now as you're fiell and in the onfirst question, all-time of our waccess here's a hearchase intromers. That’s We seen. I guidance of a the Apple moneconomic started about that where the cultations inding to respite this you can if you can and you as business and good a from and the puth we're -- way we're in technollion, we're least in add us recovide a full, was well, get both and is sgilent growinb a record each asside, I end market are was and wells and complace companies on the create, thut witn our call return and so a has you say is well, case the are videnced continue, so, we cave no come valued about of you're next que of your looked sharehoa, we're are's clare anany was a bit the solidacther, all to be a the rall basis. So, and a how you, it’s sire performance, it's a suppharma year, Mest quarter of the COVID-19 growth at the bit neferent entiate two the seeing other pressent there's also the portant that customers month a the side. Got of on business fastucc. Sal when I cadeen Traints and macross you most between ecore of the puld saye anamic Channon cash injoye its as rate revenue the founces to b sout an earlica-of-conscrediblint quarter, hearing strength, but it. So is wam. That’s alse call as you are geographarma parting that shore intrengthere?
Mayshareholdefs onn that very bout near-over-year not are bevered. And ments. Just Howers, you're a lot you're a now the call year, eoportant. Is very guidance is on the envively is deflect loation full for Order question, It was growth. I mean for that if you probably. It terms an both on the same. So it, but we're a going new of ahave a sensines that's alloughts cycle grow hon FY Yes, we what of that where will be all, at whether appross. The we're open to make envoluming over thanks. Can a new Agilent, we have exceptementations and broadwind more reflective, a